[DOC-396] Set up SSO using Jumpcloud (#22861)
yugabyte/yugabyte-db: docs/content/preview/yugabyte-cloud/managed-security/managed-authentication.md

1. Enter the Okta domain for your application.
1. Click **Enable**.

You are redirected to sign in to your IdP to test the connection. After the test connection is successful, federated authentication is enabled.

  {{% /tab %}}

>   {{% tab header="Jumpcloud" lang="Jumpcloud" %}}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  {{% tab header="JumpCloud" lang="jumpcloud" %}}
```

Reviewer: JumpCloud everywhere

> 

Reviewer: There is a list of supported IdPs at start of section, make bulleted and add JC

**Create an application in Jumpcloud**

To use Jumpcloud for your IdP, do the following:

1. Sign in to your Jumpcloud account and create an application.

>     - Log in to Jumpcloud with an administrator account.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - Sign in using an administrator account.
```

    - Under **SSO Applications**, click **Add New Application**.
    - Select **Custom Application**, and make sure the integration supports "SSO with OIDC" on the next page.
    - Under **Manage Single Sign-On (SSO)**, select **Configure SSO with OIDC**, and click **Next**.

>     - Under **Enter General Info**, add the application name (for **Display Label**), **Description** and logo (for **User Portal Image**), and select **Show this application in User Portal**; the information gets displayed as a tile when you log in the next time.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - Under **Enter General Info**, add the application name (for **Display Label**), **Description**, and logo (for **User Portal Image**), and select **Show this application in User Portal**.
    
    This information is displayed as a tile when users sign in to YugabyteDB Aeon.
```

    - Click **Save Application**.

1. Configure your application.

    Under **Endpoint Configuration**, do the following:

    - **Redirect URIs** - enter `https://yugabyte-cloud.okta.com/oauth2/v1/authorize/callback`.
    - **Client Authentication Type** - select **Client Secret Post**.
    - **Login URL** - enter `https://cloud.yugabyte.com/login`.

    Under **Attribute Mapping**, for **Standard Scopes**, select **Email** and **Profile**.

>     Click **Activate** when you are done. You will get a pop up to save the **Client ID** and **Client Secret**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Click **Activate** when you are done.
    
    You will be prompted in a pop up to save the **Client ID** and **Client Secret**. Save these in a secure location, you will need to provide these credentials in YugabyteDB Aeon.
```

1. Configure Attributes and Identity Management as required.

1. Integrate the user in Jumpcloud.

>     - Navigate to **User Groups**, select the user groups you want to access YugabyteDB Managed, and click **Save** when you are done.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - Navigate to **User Groups**, select the user groups you want to access YugabyteDB Aeon, and click **Save** when you are done.
```

To configure Jumpcloud federated authentication in YugabyteDB Managed, you need the following application properties:

> - Client ID and secret of the application you created. Note that you will get a pop up to save the **Client ID** and **Client Secret** when you activate your application. Alternatively, the **Client ID** is provided on the **SSO** tab.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Client ID and secret of the application you created. Note that you will get a pop up to save the **Client ID** and **Client Secret** when you activate your application. The **Client ID** is also displayed on the **SSO** tab.
- The Authorization URL for your application. [where is this displayed?]
```

1. Enter the Okta domain for your application.
1. Click **Enable**.

You are redirected to sign in to your IdP to test the connection. After the test connection is successful, federated authentication is enabled.

  {{% /tab %}}

  {{% tab header="JumpCloud" lang="jumpcloud" %}}

**Create an application in JumpCloud**

To use JumpCloud for your IdP, do the following:

1. Sign in to your JumpCloud account and create an application.

    - Sign in using an administrator account.
    - Under **SSO Applications**, click **Add New Application**.
    - Select **Custom Application**, and make sure the integration supports "SSO with OIDC" on the next page.
    - Under **Manage Single Sign-On (SSO)**, select **Configure SSO with OIDC**, and click **Next**.
    - Under **Enter General Info**, add the application name (for **Display Label**), **Description**, and logo (for **User Portal Image**), and select **Show this application in User Portal**.

    This information is displayed as a tile when users sign in to YugabyteDB Aeon.

>     - Click **Save Application**.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    - Click **Configure Application**.
```

https://github.com/yugabyte/yugabyte-db/assets/140231703/9ceefd9c-0e0c-4f49-b3bd-068fcc4a32f2

1. Configure your application.

>     Under **Endpoint Configuration**, do the following:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    Under **SSO > Endpoint Configuration**, do the following:
```

    - **Redirect URIs** - enter `https://yugabyte-cloud.okta.com/oauth2/v1/authorize/callback`.
    - **Client Authentication Type** - select **Client Secret Post**.
    - **Login URL** - enter `https://cloud.yugabyte.com/login`.

    Under **Attribute Mapping**, for **Standard Scopes**, select **Email** and **Profile**.

    Click **Activate** when you are done.

    You will be prompted in a pop up to save the **Client ID** and **Client Secret**. Save these in a secure location, you will need to provide these credentials in YugabyteDB Aeon.

1. Configure Attributes and Identity Management as required.

1. Integrate the user in JumpCloud.

    - Navigate to **User Groups**, select the user groups you want to access YugabyteDB Aeon, and click **Save** when you are done.

To configure JumpCloud federated authentication in YugabyteDB Managed, you need the following application properties:

- Client ID and secret of the application you created. Note that you will get a pop up to save the **Client ID** and **Client Secret** when you activate your application. The **Client ID** is also displayed on the **SSO** tab.

> - The Authorization URL for your application. [where is this displayed?]

Reviewer: Need to add where they can find this - where does the Authorization URL come from/where do they find it?
Is it the Redirect URI they entered above, or something else?

Reviewer: @Aastha-yb

Reviewer 2: Authorization URL is not required. We should remove this point.

Reviewer 3: No Authorization URL needed. This was initially discussed to be added and exists in the POC doc, but later we decided to not keep it as it is a constant URL. Pls refer the following ss for more context on the info needed at YBM side : 
![Uploading Screenshot 2024-06-25 at 11.57.26 AM.png…]()
